Upstreamize API guide (#3212)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_uploading-content-to-projectserver.adoc

----
. Assign the file size to the variable `size`:
+
Example request:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ export size=$(du -bs $name|cut -f 1)
----
. Create an upload request that returns the upload ID of the request by using `size` and `checksum`.
+
Example request:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X POST -k \
-u _My_User_Name_:__My_Password__ \
-d "{\"size\": \"$size\", \"checksum\":\"$checksum\"}" \
https://_{foreman-example-com}_/katello/api/v2/repositories/76/content_uploads
----
+
where 76, in this case, is an example Repository ID.
+
Example request:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
{"upload_id":"37eb5900-597e-4ac3-9bc5-2250c302fdc4"}
----
. Assign the upload ID to the variable `upload_id`:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ export upload_id=37eb5900-597e-4ac3-9bc5-2250c302fdc4
----
. Assign the path of the package you want to upload to the variable `path`:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ export path=/root/jq/jq-1.6-2.el7.x86_64.rpm
----
. Upload your content.
Ensure you use the correct MIME type when you upload data.

> The API uses the application/json MIME type for the majority of requests to {ProjectX}.

Author: ```suggestion
The API uses the `application/json` MIME type for the requests to {Project} unless specified otherwise.
```
How about this?

> The API uses the application/json MIME type for the majority of requests to {ProjectX}.

Reviewer: Good idea!

https://$(hostname -f)/katello/api/v2/repositories/76/content_uploads
----
+
where 76, in this case, is an example Repository ID.
+
Example output
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
{"upload_id":"37eb5900-597e-4ac3-9bc5-2250c302fdc4"}
----
. Assign the upload ID to the variable `upload_id`:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ export upload_id=37eb5900-597e-4ac3-9bc5-2250c302fdc4
----
. Split the file in 2MB chunks:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ split --bytes 2MB --numeric-suffixes \
--suffix-length=1 bpftool-3.10.0-1160.2.1.el7.centos.plus.x86_64.rpm bpftool
----
+
Example output
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ ls bpftool[0-9] -l
-rw-r--r--.
1 root root 2000000 Mar 31 14:15 bpftool0
-rw-r--r--.
1 root root 2000000 Mar 31 14:15 bpftool1
-rw-r--r--.
1 root root 2000000 Mar 31 14:15 bpftool2
-rw-r--r--.
1 root root 2000000 Mar 31 14:15 bpftool3
-rw-r--r--.
1 root root  868648 Mar 31 14:15 bpftool4
----
. Assign the prefix of the split files to the variable path.
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ export path=/root/tmp/bpftool
----
. Upload the file chunks.

> The offset starts at 0 for the first chunk and increases by 2000000 for each file.

Author: ```suggestion
The offset starts at 0 bytes for the first chunk and increases by 2000000 bytes for each file.
```
